h3. YoutubeJukebox in Ruby

A ruby script that downloads youtube videos, converts them to mp3, and plays them in a vlc playlist as they are processed.
Will be used as a starting point for an MPD based system.

Note: It can be a little buggy sometimes, but this is usually caused when the video isnt downloaded fast enough. A future version will hopefully include a processing queue to limit the number of videos processing at any one time. Til then, I wouldn't recommending doing more than 3 at once.

h3. Requirements

* linux software
** ffmpeg
** lame
** youtube-dl
** libmp3lame (or libavcodec-unstripped-52 for ubuntu)

bc. $ sudo apt-get install lame ffmpeg libavcodec-unstripped-52 youtube-dl

* Ruby Gems
** "youtube-g":http://github.com/tmm1/youtube-g
** highline

bc. $ sudo gem install highline youtube-g

h3. Usage

bc. $ ./youtubejukebox.rb "shapeshifter"

(0) - Shapeshifter - Bring Change (Official Music Video)
(1) - Shapeshifter - Electric Dream
(2) - HORSE The Band - Shapeshift (Official Music Clip)
(3) - Shapeshifter - Long White Cloud
(4) - Shapeshifter - When I Return feat. Ladi6
(5) - shapeshifter - dutchies
(6) - Shapeshifter - One
(7) - The Shapeshifters - Chime
(8) - The Shapeshifters - Back To Basics
(9) - BEST SHAPESHIFTING EVIDENCE TO DATE
Please enter the number of the video that looks most relevant: 0

===== Title: Shapeshifter - Electric Dream
===== URL: http://www.youtube.com/v/DRGo-Zp8_3A
===== Starting flv download, on-the-fly conversion, then starting vlc & queuing track...

Please enter a query to search for a track: _

